Hi there Natalie here in this video I'd like to introduce the CSSA project will be working on together
here I've got a sample Mark Page for a web site that offers adventure tours in the mountains.
When I load the page I've got a couple of CSSA animations and then I can scroll down the page to see
more details on these mountain adventures.
This site uses fluxbox.
And as you can see it's also responsive if you'd like to recreate this page on your own free.
I've got some starter code in the resources along with screenshots of what the page should look like.
By doing a project like this from scratch will definitely be a bit of a challenge.
So don't worry if you get stuck in the next few videos I'll thoroughly walk through the code used to
create this page.
So if you rather code along step by step that works to when you're ready to see the code used to build
this page I'll see you in the next video.